Th2 1863 (#16)
th2-net/th2-check1: README.md

#### cleanup-time-unit

> The time unit for _cleanup-older-than_ setting. Available values are MILLIS, SECONDS, MINUTES, HOURS. _The default value is SECONDS_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time unit for _cleanup-older-than_ setting. The available values are MILLIS, SECONDS, MINUTES, HOURS. _The default value is set to SECONDS_
```

#### max-event-batch-content-size
The max size in bytes of summary events content in a batch defined in _max-event-batch-content-size_ setting. _The default value is 1048576_

> ## Requried pins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required pins
```

> The Check1 component has got tow types of pin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Check1 component will have two types of pin:
```

Author: I think the `The Check1 component has two types of pin:` sentence will be more applicable for this case.
